it's actually okay to not like rap. rhetorical complexity isn't for everybody

I love dennys

Think happy thoughts think happy thoughts think happy thou-

I beg your whole ass pardon?

My shoe size is 7.5

Thats why their hairs so big 

I never met a bug I didn't like

The past always looks better than it was.  It's only pleasant because it isn't here

Marie Antoinette decided to wear lingerie as outerwear which increased demand for cotton which made it the primary crop of the South which instigated a dramatic rise in American slavery

Not everything is about you. It's about me

I'm in my toxic duck hating era

I don't know LOL

When you walk outside post-rainfall and some leftover raindrops hit you in the face while you walking under a tree it feels like that tree is bukkake-ing you

Girl you funny

Lets pretend like airplanes in the night sky is just shooting cum

Taylor Swift fans could find the Zodiac Killer in a half hour if they chose to use their powers for good

I have two moods: either I'm scrolling through TikTok for hours on end or I'm taking a nap. There is no in-between.

I'm pretty sure my brain is 90% memes at this point. I don't even remember my own name half the time, but I can recite every Vine that's ever existed

Hop off my dick pls <3

I saw a himbo yesterday and I didnt know what to do with myself so I started doing the wiggle

On certain occasions you are very valid. This is not one of those times.

Gaslight, gatekeep, girlboss. These three nations kept the world in peace until someone girlbossed too hard (you)

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHh

REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

woah I stood up n got dizzy

Its munchin time

brb

I don’t know how to explain this but odd numbers are pointy and even numbers are smooth

ppl are too concerned with being the smartest one in the room instead of actually educating one another

I need more matcha tea

Has anyone successfully washed their entire back?

BASED

CRINGE

ew wtf do you want

Bitch

My screentime today was literally 8 hours pls send help

I am nothing more but an unpaid labourer in here, when will they pay me for my clown services

Its hard being the hotter one in this conversation

Not trying to be funny at all, have y’all considered swallowing?

Eat me alive

>:|

Woof Woof

God I havent taken a shower in 10 days

Did You Know? When Kevin says "I made my family disappear" in Home Alone it's a holdover from the original script where he was a dark wizard

Yuh?

No thanks

Hmmmm ask your mommy 

Not now kitten whiskers, daddy will discuss it LATER

Stan Loona

If I had one superpower, it'd be to freeze people on loud motorcycles so I could scream in their ear & then say "this is what it feels like"

I have trust issues

Lasagna is just the pasta form of layer cake

you do you queen

you look ugly today

I can’t play big Jenga, I don’t have health insurance

God I look so good today

Maybe you shouldve, idk, studied 

AHAHAHAHAHHAAH ur funny

:3

First dates should start with looking at each other’s IG explore pages and then both deciding to go our separate ways

Honeycharms reporting for duty!

I would bomb all of you if I could

alas 

Wait im looking for my crack I lost it an hour ago

dude I have no prospects

Me too 

Go piss girl 

dun dun DUNNNNN

Pervert behaviour fr 

I am not ur friend what do u want  

The toilet summons me goodbye

girl leave me ALONE

HISSS

There is only one answer: Shrimp

get on your knees now

LOL couldnt be me 

Are you okay

Somethin bout you MAAAAKES ME FEEL LIKE A DANGEROUS WOMAAAAAN

I am white

Suffering from the incurable disease of a Bad Mood

You should become an alcoholic

Your bank account is empty do not talk to me 

Okay babygirl 

If I don’t have a crush then who is my online presence for

I love you 

Is it “main character” energy or are you just annoying??? Something to think about

I love you too 

Beat it Bitch

who summoned me?

Pasta is so good man, but I like eating chunks of ice more

I did not consent to this smh 

You need help

Bad dog 

All of the world’s answers are hidden behind the Quora paywall

ancient philosophy is mostly just shit like "im at the beach but im not a crab"

u ever look at a guy and just know that they own flannel sheets

I think as a culture we glorify mason jars a little too much

A weighted blanket is not enough I need a hydraulic press

We can’t mark texts as unread why

Online shopping should have a cutoff time like how you can’t buy liquor past 2am

I love the twisted little rush that comes when i press “ignore time limit for today” on my most toxic apps

Reading books is like having sex. The main reason you do it in public is to show off

Microdose marriage by sleeping on the couch

Is manifesting one of those things that only works for white people?

Girl say less aha

SHEEEEEEEEEEEEESH

I want that celebrity beauty procedure where they slither out of their skin and get reskinned

Astrology is cool but it doesn’t account for childhood trauma or the lies you’ve told yourself

At this point, a hug could give me an orgasm

Kinda respect cigarette smokers cause I would also rather die than have nothing to do with my hands

Cheese

Lady in the streets and a freak in the group text

I just opened a window and accidentally let a fly in. I'm not mad tho, I'm actually quite grateful for the company

Why can't we all just hate each other in peace

Girl I do not like your tone 

Won't you ride this hoe tonight EUHUHUHU 

There is no answer to your cries. Give up.

Big brother watches you 

Silence mortal 

You should worship me 

Every time I see a man on the streets I get disappointed and go back home

WHAT DO YOU WANT